hi I'll be replacing a oxygen sensor for
2001 is 300 this is the very end one
that's on the tea pipe or try pipe they
call it Bank to censor - okay
basically just check off lift up the
care for bolts one two and two in the
rear lift it up disconnect your harness
from the chair you reach in here kind of
lift this up that sensor plug plugs
right hopefully you guys can see you
lift it up you can see that's right
there's plugged in right there and run
through the underneath the carpet back
down here down to the floor the bottom
of the car I already took it up you can
see what I'm talking about here that's
the one the BS b-2s - and it runs along
this path here which has a cover cover
you take that cover out and the harness
runs up to here
so from here runs over here into there
that's it
and the way you test it is I found this
on the forum is 300 thanks a lot guys
for giving me the measurement now yeah
ba o meter set it to ohms test to black
leads find the two black leads out here
it's the top two and this I'm testing it
cold so there's a difference if you test
it when it's hot and I show in 13 ohm 13
point 5 ohms not the bad one is a bad
one same two black leads
show me zero ohms
okay no that's bad put it back together
and that's it thank you